Add section on conflict resolution procedure. (#21)
zrgn/zrgn.github.io: index.md

### [Infractions](#infractions)
It is incumbent on members to bring issues to the attention of the community.
An issue can't be addressed if no one else is aware it exists. Ideally, members
should bring up the issue directly with the other member.  The next recourse is
to initiate a formal conflict resolution proceeding.  Before doing so, it is
highly recommended that a member speak with one or two other members about the
matter.  If they agree that it's an issue that needs addressing, the matter

> should be brought to the attention of the Adepts and will move through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
should be brought to the attention of the [Adepts](#contributing-members) and will move through the
```

I think it's a good idea to link back to the section about the Adepts, just in case someone needs a reminder about who they are and how to find them.

conflict resolution procedure described below.  Note that it is not necessary to
relay the particulars of a conflict to the Adepts in order to begin conflict
resolution.

> ### Conflict Resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [Conflict Resolution](#conflict-resolution)
```
for ease of linkability. see #20 for more detail

> #### Mediation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [Mediation](#mediation)
```
also for ease of linkability. see #20 again for more detail

Conflict resolution will initially begin with a mediation phase.  A mediator

> will be selected from the Adept group either by mutual agreement between the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be selected from the [Adept](#contributing-members) group either by mutual agreement between the
```

In case someone gets pointed directly to this section, making this a link will make it easier for that person to find out more about the Adept group.

two conflicting parties or via selection of a disinterested party by the
Adepts.

The mediator will be responsible for facilitating a discussion between the two
parties, attempting to ascertain the facts behind the conflict, and for
proposing a solution amicable to both groups.  Mediation is expected to remain a
private matter between the two parties and the mediator.  If the two parties are
still unable to reach an accord, the process moves to arbitration.

> #### Arbitration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [Arbitration](#arbitration)
```

same as the others, more deets in #20

Both parties will write a document outlining their version of events and the
nature of the conflict.  Five disinterested adepts will be selected at random to
serve as arbiters.  The mediator will present any relevant background and should
the arbiters have additional questions, the mediator may be dispatched to gather
additional information.  The arbiters will discuss the matter alone and assign
sanctions.  Sanctions include:

  * A formal warning
  * A temporary ban on gaming
  * A temporary ban from Discord
  * A permanent ban on gaming
  * A permanent ban from Discord
  * A permanent ban from Zargon
  * Other restorative actions that are deemed appropriate: e.g. replacing a
    damaged game

> A majority of arbiters must agree on any sanction.  The exception to that rule

Reviewer: Is it worth being really explicit here and say a simple majority?

is a permanent ban from Zargon.  That decision must be unanimous.

Refusal by either party to accept the arbiters' decision gracefully will result

> in further and more severe sanction.  The mediator will be responsible for

Reviewer: For my own clarification, the implication here is that begrudging or hostile acceptance of the arbiters' decision would be punished harder also?

Author: Yes, but the primary goal is to discourage people from trying to flout or circumvent the decision of the arbiters.

### [Infractions](#infractions)
It is incumbent on members to bring issues to the attention of the community.

> An issue can't be addressed if no one else is aware it exists. Ideally, members
> should bring up the issue directly with the other member, solving it privately.
> The next recourse is to initiate a formal conflict resolution proceeding.
> Before doing so, it is highly recommended that a member speak with one or two
> other members about the matter.  If they agree that it's an issue that needs
> addressing, the matter should be brought to the attention of the
> [Adepts](#contributing-members) and will move through the conflict resolution
> procedure described below.  Note that it is not necessary to relay the
> particulars of a conflict to the Adepts in order to begin conflict resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An issue can't be addressed if no one else is aware it exists. Ideally, members
should bring up the issue directly with the other member, solving it privately.

If private resolution is unsuccessful or if members are uncomfortable discussing
the matter with the other member, the issue should be brought to the attention of the
[Adepts](#contributing-members) and will move through the conflict resolution
procedure described below.  Note that it is not necessary to relay the
particulars of a conflict to the Adepts in order to begin conflict resolution.
```

### Conflict Resolution

#### [Mediation](#mediation)

> Conflict resolution will initially begin with a mediation phase.  A mediator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Conflict resolution will initially begin with mediation.  A mediator
```

will be selected from the [Adept](#contributing-members) group either by mutual
agreement between the two conflicting parties or via selection of a
disinterested party by the Adepts.

> The mediator will be responsible for facilitating a discussion between the two
> parties, attempting to ascertain the facts behind the conflict, and for
> proposing a solution amicable to both groups.  Mediation is expected to remain a
> private matter between the two parties and the mediator.  If the two parties are
> still unable to reach an accord, the process moves to arbitration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The mediator facilitates a discussion between the two
parties, attempting to gather facts behind the conflict, and for
proposing a good-natured solution to both groups.  Mediation is expected to remain a
private matter between the two parties and the mediator.  If the two parties are
still unable to reach a solution, the process moves to arbitration.
```

Reviewer 3: ```
- solution amicable
+ good-natured solution
```
I think this changes the meaning. Alternate versions that don't would be along the lines of `a solution agreeable to both groups` or `a solution both members can agree to`.

Reviewer 2: That's reasonable. Of you're two suggestions I like `a solution agreeable to both groups`.

Reviewer 2: Thinking more, I believe "amicable" would be fine.

```
proposing an amicable solution.`

"Amicable" is already referring to relations between people, so I believe "to both groups" would be redundant.

Reviewer 3: `an amicable solution` sounds good to me.

#### [Arbitration](#arbitration)
Both parties will write a document outlining their version of events and the
nature of the conflict.  Five disinterested adepts (not including the initial
mediator) will be selected at random to serve as arbiters.  The mediator will
present any relevant background and should the arbiters have additional

> questions, the mediator may be dispatched to gather additional information.  The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
questions, the mediator may be asked to gather additional information.  The
```
